PenView
=======

PenView (Pendulum Viewer) is the name of an application to visualize and compare data generated by various
experiments conducted during "Praktikum 1" at the end of the third semester of the
bachelor of science in life sciences technologies course at the FHNW university of
applied sciences in Muttenz, Switzerland. 

The Code follows a mix of the Model View Controller- and the Backend-/Frondent-Paradigm.

File Hierarchy
--------------
penview/
├── controller.py	# Controller module
├── data_access.py  # Model Abstraction for SQLite-Access
├── data_import.py  # Model CSV-File Import Module
├── data_region.py  # View for the right hand side of the UI
├── dev/		    # Directory for mini-spikes
├── dialog.py		# Wizard Magic! (handles Import and Opening of Experiment Files) 
├── doc/			# Documentation Directory
├── graph_view.py   # View for the Plot region
├── lib/			# external and unchanged modules from other Authors
│   ├── __init__.py # Python Magic! (converts a directory into a package)
│   ├── OOoLib.py	# Excel to CSV Conversion Script Library (needs installed OpenOffice to run)
│   └── ttk.py      # ttk Extends tkinter with a UI Tab function
├── model.py		# Model Data Structure Module
├── penview.py*     # Main Program (Starting Point)
├── README			# this README
├── recipe_52266.py # MultiListbox Tkinter widget
├── recipe_52266.py.diff # our changes to the widget
├── table_view.py   # View for the Table region
├── tab_region.py	# View for the Tab region / left hand side of the UI
├── tests/		    # Test Code and Example Data
├── utils/			# Utility Scripts (not meant to be platform independent
└── window.py		# Main View (Container for Views)

Description of individual files
-------------------------------
- data_access.py:

	This is a module which is used by all groups doing this project. It provides a simple api
	for accessing and storing experiment data in an SQLite database file.

- data_import.py:

	This file implements an CSVImporter tool class used to import data from csv files. The csv format
	is documented here:

Coding Conventions
------------------
- All method names ending in _update are callbacks that are registered as listeners
  with certain objects and are then called by those objects when some properties change.

- Imports are organized as follows:
  - first python standard library modules
  - second additional third party library modules
  - third penview, which is imported in all penview modules
  - fourth individual penview modules


...don't forget you can put links [links](http://www.google.com) in here as well
